Prior to attending college, Sahit Mandala attended the Massachusetts Academy of Mathematics and Science as a high school student; as a part of my senior year coursework, he enrolled in courses at the Worcester Polytechnic Institute. After completing high school in 2013, Steve matriculated into the University of Wisconsin Madison. His primary research interests lie at the intersection of mathematics and computer science, particularly within the fields of data science, machine learning, security, and cryptography. Recently, his career interests have extended into research and innovation regarding virtual reality, video games, and cognitive research. 

As a technologist and engineer, Sahit focuses on understanding the latest hardware through hands-on hacking and testing, from portable ECG devices to new wearable accessories. Most of my days are spent tinkering on personal tech projects, competing at hackathons, and attending tech meetups and workshops. As a traveler and all-around adventurer, Sahit can always be found exploring and enjoying the local culture. When the weather and geography permit, he can be found snowboarding, swimming, biking, surfing, kayaking, hiking, or trying something else entirely. As a self-proclaimed foodie, Sahit will always seek out the most original, off-beat, iconic, top rated, and delicious spots to eat, no matter the distance, the cost, or the challenge.  Sahit proudly share his deep rooted love for gaming, animation, and sci-fi through his extracurricular clubs, meetups, and hobbies; he aspires to engineer technologies to augment fans and creators alike, providing venues for deeper connections and more visceral experiences through the arts and entertainment.

Currently, Sahit is an undergraduate student entering his senior year at UW Madison, pursuing a B.S. Double Major in Computer Science and Mathematics. This summer, Sahit is continuing my research internship at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. His work focuses on in-memory data management systems for HPC resources, particularly those at NERSC. During the Spring of 2015, he worked at LBNL though the Summer Undergraduate Laboratory Internship (SULI) program, funded by the US DOE. Once he completes his project this summer, he plans to return to UW Madison for the Fall of 2015 and complete his BS Double Major, utilizing his newfound experiences and knowledge as a guide for the next few years. 
